## Spark Application Example by OpenAI ChatGPT
> **Warning**
> This project might contains inaccuracies in code, files and structuture. All the content has been generated by text models generators and shown without modification.

Steps prompts:
1. Generate a basic example code for Spark as a starting point, in scala.
2. Add unit test code
3. Generate a SBT for the entire project.
4. Generate the input file example.
5. Generate the complete directory and files structure for the project and the SBT file and show me.
6. Generate a Markdown for a GitHub README with all the prompts.
```
project-folder/
  src/
    main/
      scala/
        com/
          example/
            Main.scala
    test/
      scala/
        com/
          example/
            MainSpec.scala
  build.sbt
```
## Readme

# Scala Spark Project

This project is an example of a Spark application written in Scala.

## Prerequisites

- [Java Development Kit (JDK)](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html)
- [Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org/)
- [SBT](https://www.scala-sbt.org/)

## Installation

1. Download or clone this repository on your local machine.
2. Make sure you have JDK, Spark, and SBT installed and configured on your machine.
3. In the command line, navigate to the project folder and run the `sbt package` command to compile the project and generate the JAR file.
4. The generated JAR file will be located in the `target/scala-2.12/` folder.

## Execution

To run the application, you can use the `spark-submit` command included with the Spark installation. For example:
```
spark-submit --class com.example.Main spark-example-1.0.jar
```

## Test

To run the tests for the application, you can use the `sbt test` command in the command line from the project folder. This will run all the test classes in the project.

To run a specific test class, you can use the `sbt testOnly TestClass` command, where `TestClass` is the full name of the test class you want to run. For example:
```
sbt testOnly com.example.MainSpec
```
## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE) license.
